# LINDA_Nowcasting
This module implements the Lagrangian INtegro-Difference equation model with Autoregression (LINDA). 
The model combines extrapolation, S-PROG, STEPS, ANVIL, integro-difference equation (IDE) and cell tracking methods. 
It can produce both deterministic and probabilistic nowcasts. LINDA is specifically designed for nowcasting intense localized rainfall. 
For this purpose, it is expected to give better forecast skill than S-PROG or STEPS.
The model consists of the following components:
- feature detection to identify rain cells
- advection-based extrapolation
- autoregressive integrated ARI(p,1) process for growth and decay of rainfall
- convolution to account for loss of predictability
- stochastic perturbations to simulate forecast errors

LINDA utilizes a sparse feature-based representation of the input rain rate fields. This allows localization to cells containing intense rainfall. Building on extrapolation nowcast, the temporal evolution of rainfall is modeled in the Lagrangian coordinates. 
Using the ARI process is adapted from ANVIL, and the convolution is adapted from the integro-difference equation (IDE) models. 
The combination of these two approaches essentially replaces the cascade-based autoregressive process used in S-PROG and STEPS. 
Using the convolution gives several advantages such as the ability to handle anisotropic structure, domain boundaries and missing data. 
Based on the marginal distribution and covariance structure of forecast errors, localized perturbations are generated by adapting the short-space Fourier transform (SSFT) methodology 
